https://codepen.io/AnaFebles/pen/vYLrexy


1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
in line: it will not force a new line break, everything will be aling in the same line. we cannot put in block elements on in line ones. 
block: will forcve a new line to be created.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
it is a fixed psititon, basically it will not move from that place.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
div

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 

block: div, header, section
in line: span, img

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
everything in CSS is boxes, both in line and block. This helps understanding layout and how to align elements. 


37 questions

What is Semantic HTML? 
its an element with meaning

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	is a markup language used to display content in  browser

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	 define properties of the element and we put it in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tags are used for the main title and its only used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	title
	metadata
 
    7. What is an id? 
	selector used once in an element
	
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	all elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once	

    10. What is a class? 
	is an attribute that specifies the class name of an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	all elements
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	with a targeted  "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	to add a description of the image in case is not avaialble

    15. How do I reference an id?
	with #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	The <section> tag defines sections in a document and the div defines a 	division

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	to add layout control and decorate the html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	if its a tag, we just write the name of the tag, \
	if its an id #, a class .
	
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example 	of when I might use each one
	class can be used mora than once for example, adding a class to <p> 	will select all of the html file <p>.
	id is to be used once, for example, using an id for an img to only make 	changes that one img and not the rest

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	using .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	this selects elements that are directly a child of that main element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	its used to define a state of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	in html <br>
	in css you can use line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	using letter-spacing in css

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? 	Capitalize?
	text-transform uppercase or lowercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div border-style: dotted black 1px

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	with *
	 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*... */
	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my 	current folder?
	ls
	
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be 	careful with this? 
	del then file name (windows) and we need to be careful because this can 	delete even files youre currently working on
	
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	to keep track of my work in case of mistakes
	
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	evrytime i make a change
	
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin and my name
	
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	fork
	clone
	cd into file
	create new branch
	commit
	push
	pull request 
	
